chore: Update README with the latest versions (#399) (CP: 14.0) (#404)
vaadin/cdi: README.md

> This branch is compatible with upcoming Vaadin platform versions. See other branches for other Vaadin versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch is Vaadin 23.0 to 23.2 compatible. See other branches for other Vaadin versions:
```
